to
hi guys so as usual we're gonna start
off with the primer and I'm gonna be
applying that onto my lid up to my brow
bone and a little bit underneath my eye
and I'll be blending that out with my
finger I'm gonna be using this to tray
palette and I'm going to use this soft
brown eyeshadow color and I'm gonna be
applying that with a tapered crease
brush and applying that right on to my
orbital bone this is gonna work as a
transition color for our highlight later
again going back into that palette I'm
gonna be using some of that flesh tone
eyeshadow and I'm gonna be applying that
with a small eyeshadow brush and placing
that right on top of my face
I'm gonna be going in with this angled
brush and some matte black eyeshadow and
I'm gonna be placing that black
eyeshadow right into my crease using
this type of brush for the crease will
help create a defined line
now I'm just gonna be going in with this
very dark brown eyeshadow and a penciled
crease brush and of course applying that
right into my crease right on top of
that black eyeshadow and just blending
everything up again I'm going to be
going back with this tapered crease
brush and that soft brown eyeshadow we
had used earlier and just softening up
any harsh line I'm gonna be using this
lighter flushed tone eyeshadow and a
small eyeshadow brush and I'm gonna be
placing that eyeshadow right underneath
my eyebrow and this just gonna work as
our highlight
now I'm just gonna be using this bright
neon blue eyeliner in one of my
favorites and of course lining that into
my top lash line and I'm gonna be lining
that pretty thick and then just when you
need out of it of course most of you
guys know that this step is always
optional but I'm going to be applying a
pair of false eyelashes and of course
waiting for the glue to get slightly
tacky and then placing it into the
middle then pulling onto the sides now
I'm just gonna be curling my falsies and
with my real lashes and I like to do
this step because it blends all the
lashes together making it look a lot
more natural
I'm gonna be using this highlight
pigment stacker and I'm gonna be using
that iridescent blue color and I'm gonna
be using an angled brush but first I'm
gonna set that brush with some setting
spray and this is gonna help pick up
some of that pigment and I'm gonna be
applying that onto my lower lash line
right next to my tear duct area now I'm
just gonna be grabbing this wheel and
I'm gonna be using that baby blue eye
shadow color and with the same angled
brush applying that right into the
center and then I'm gonna be using this
neon blue color and applying that right
at the end of the eye just blending all
those colors together I'm gonna be going
back with our highlight color and an
angled brush and I'm going to be using
that into my waterline and this is gonna
help brighten up the eye now I'm just
gonna be going in with some mascara and
adding several coats onto my top lashes
and onto my bottom lashes now I'm just
gonna be using this fuchsia pink lip
liner and I'm gonna be lining my lips
and then filling them in
now I'm just gonna be using this
gorgeous neon pink lipstick and I'm
gonna be applying that with a lip brush
and just placing that right on top of
that look like
and there you have it the look is
complete all information and products
will be listed down below into the
description box I want to thank you guys
all so much for watching and I'll see
you guys next time
bye guys